🔖(minor) bump release to 3.6.0 (#332)
openfun/ralph: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [3.6.0] - 2023-05-17

### Added

> - Add the ability to ignore health check routes for Sentry transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to ignore health check routes for Sentry transactions
```

Reviewer 2: I would say:

```suggestion
- Allow to ignore health check routes for Sentry transactions
```
